README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://azuriom.com/assets/svg/logo-text.svg" width="400" alt="Azuriom"></p>

# Azuriom

[![PHP CI](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Azuriom/Azuriom/tests.yml?branch=master&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Azuriom/Azuriom/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
[![Style](https://github.styleci.io/repos/237486333/shield)](https://github.styleci.io/repos/237486333)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/azuriom/azuriom/badge?style=flat-square)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/azuriom/azuriom)
[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Azuriom/Azuriom?style=flat-square)](http://github.com/Azuriom/Azuriom/releases)
[![Chat](https://img.shields.io/discord/625774284823986183?color=5865f2&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)](https://azuriom.com/discord)

**Azuriom** is a complete open-source web solution for game servers. Enjoy dozens of extensions for endless possibilities. Already trusted by over **1,800 servers**, totaling more than two **million users**.

> [!NOTE]
> To install Azuriom, please do NOT clone this repository directly. Instead, download from the [official website](https://azuriom.com/download) or from the [releases page](https://github.com/Azuriom/Azuriom/releases).
>
> If you would like to contribute to Azuriom and install from source, please see the [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

![Screenshot](https://azuriom.com/assets/img/home.png)

## Supported Games

Azuriom natively supports the following games:
* [Minecraft](https://www.minecraft.net/)
* [Garry's Mod](https://gmod.facepunch.com/)
* [ARK: Survival Evolved](https://playark.com/ark-survival-evolved/)
* [Rust](https://rust.facepunch.com/)
* [FiveM](https://fivem.net/)
* [Unturned](https://smartlydressedgames.com/)
* [Counter-Strike 2](https://www.counter-strike.net/cs2)
* [7 Days to Die](https://7daystodie.com/)
* [Team Fortress 2](https://www.teamfortress.com/)

You can implement your own game like it was done for [Flyff](https://github.com/AzuriomCommunity/Game-Flyff) or [Dofus 1.29](https://github.com/Javdu10/Game-Dofus129).

You can find the how-to in [the documentation](https://azuriom.com/en/docs/games)

## Documentation

Azuriom's documentation is available [on our website](https://azuriom.com/docs).

## Installation

You can find system requirements and installation guide on our [documentation](https://azuriom.com/docs/installation).

### Docker

For an easy development setup, you can use the provided [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) configuration,
by using the following command:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## Community

You can ask for support and talk on our [Discord server](https://azuriom.com/discord).

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

See [the contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for ways to get started.

Please adhere to this project's [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Translations

You can contribute to translating Azuriom on our [Crowdin](https://translate.azuriom.com/).

## Security

If you discover any security related issues within Azuriom, please send an e-mail to [security@azuriom.com](mailto:security@azuriom.com) instead of using the issue tracker. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

> [!NOTE]
> JavaScript injections from the admin dashboard are not classified as XSS vulnerabilities. Of course, XSS found in user-facing areas of the site, as well as all other vulnerabilities throughout the entire application, will be recognized and addressed accordingly.

## Support us

If you like this project, please consider supporting us on [GitHub sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/Azuriom).

## License

Azuriom is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3.0 or later](LICENSE).

Commit message:

🔥 Add warning about usage of Thuriom

README.md, after:

> [!WARNING]
> Thuriom is not meant to be a fork ! We are currently working on breaking changes on Azuriom, so a classic PR would be awkward. Please do not submit PRs to rebrand Azuriom to Thuriom on this repo.

<p align="center"><img src="https://azuriom.com/assets/svg/logo-text.svg" width="400" alt="Azuriom"></p>

# Azuriom

[![PHP CI](https://img.shields.io/github/actions/workflow/status/Azuriom/Azuriom/tests.yml?branch=master&style=flat-square)](https://github.com/Azuriom/Azuriom/actions/workflows/tests.yml)
[![Style](https://github.styleci.io/repos/237486333/shield)](https://github.styleci.io/repos/237486333)
[![CodeFactor](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/azuriom/azuriom/badge?style=flat-square)](https://www.codefactor.io/repository/github/azuriom/azuriom)
[![Latest release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/Azuriom/Azuriom?style=flat-square)](http://github.com/Azuriom/Azuriom/releases)
[![Chat](https://img.shields.io/discord/625774284823986183?color=5865f2&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=fff&style=flat-square)](https://azuriom.com/discord)

**Azuriom** is a complete open-source web solution for game servers. Enjoy dozens of extensions for endless possibilities. Already trusted by over **1,800 servers**, totaling more than two **million users**.

> [!NOTE]
> To install Azuriom, please do NOT clone this repository directly. Instead, download from the [official website](https://azuriom.com/download) or from the [releases page](https://github.com/Azuriom/Azuriom/releases).
>
> If you would like to contribute to Azuriom and install from source, please see the [Contribution Guide](CONTRIBUTING.md).

![Screenshot](https://azuriom.com/assets/img/home.png)

## Supported Games

Azuriom natively supports the following games:
* [Minecraft](https://www.minecraft.net/)
* [Garry's Mod](https://gmod.facepunch.com/)
* [ARK: Survival Evolved](https://playark.com/ark-survival-evolved/)
* [Rust](https://rust.facepunch.com/)
* [FiveM](https://fivem.net/)
* [Unturned](https://smartlydressedgames.com/)
* [Counter-Strike 2](https://www.counter-strike.net/cs2)
* [7 Days to Die](https://7daystodie.com/)
* [Team Fortress 2](https://www.teamfortress.com/)

You can implement your own game like it was done for [Flyff](https://github.com/AzuriomCommunity/Game-Flyff) or [Dofus 1.29](https://github.com/Javdu10/Game-Dofus129).

You can find the how-to in [the documentation](https://azuriom.com/en/docs/games)

## Documentation

Azuriom's documentation is available [on our website](https://azuriom.com/docs).

## Installation

You can find system requirements and installation guide on our [documentation](https://azuriom.com/docs/installation).

### Docker

For an easy development setup, you can use the provided [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) configuration,
by using the following command:

```bash
docker-compose up -d
```

## Community

You can ask for support and talk on our [Discord server](https://azuriom.com/discord).

## Contributing

Contributions are always welcome!

See [the contribution guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md) for ways to get started.

Please adhere to this project's [code of conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

## Translations

You can contribute to translating Azuriom on our [Crowdin](https://translate.azuriom.com/).

## Security

If you discover any security related issues within Azuriom, please send an e-mail to [security@azuriom.com](mailto:security@azuriom.com) instead of using the issue tracker. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

> [!NOTE]
> JavaScript injections from the admin dashboard are not classified as XSS vulnerabilities. Of course, XSS found in user-facing areas of the site, as well as all other vulnerabilities throughout the entire application, will be recognized and addressed accordingly.

## Support us

If you like this project, please consider supporting us on [GitHub sponsors](https://github.com/sponsors/Azuriom).

## License

Azuriom is licensed under the [GNU General Public License v3.0 or later](LICENSE).
